I promised to make him a contract
It really is my greatest achievement.
How to answer this question? Is it difficult?
Or did I say something on my mind?
Even if you guess
Ah, in this young master
After getting the order from the Universal Chamber of Commerce
I am even more solid in the Xiao family
Even if grandpa knew the truth
He won't support you saying that either
So you can't save my mother if she dies
Willing, right?
Ye Longyuan
You get out of here.
The truth of some things no longer matters
Today, in addition to the relocation project of the building
And the Lord appeared
You are looking for yourself here
I will explain to God
Get his forgiveness
Even if you can't be a prince
Even if I stay by the Lord God's side and be a handmaid
Better than being your wife
My Lin family can also soar into the sky
skyrocket
Everything is inclusive of your pig brain
Why did God violate your Lin family?
How about your cow?
You are really blinded by the world right now
You do everything for the world
Miracle Yale Ren
This is what I look down on you the most
You are incompetent trash
But still guarding your poor self-esteem
As long as I can get the project
What if I give everything
But Anzhi has great ambitions
You and I are not of the same class, you don't understand
Well said, well said
Because I'm really not a rhythm person.
Not the same
So your Lin family can't get this project.
I said